add ssl instructions to readme (#329)
plaid/quickstart: README.md

[Plaid dashboard under Team Settings > API > Allowed redirect URIs][dashboard-api-section].

To test the OAuth flow in sandbox, choose 'Playtypus OAuth Bank' from the list of financial institutions in Plaid Link.

### Instructions for using https with localhost

If you want to test OAuth in development, you need to use https and set `PLAID_REDIRECT_URI=https://localhost:3000/` in `.env`. In order to run your localhost on https, you will need to create a self-signed certificate and add it to the frontend root folder. You can use the following instructions to do this. However, please note that this is recommended for local development enviroments only and not for production environments.

In your terminal, change to the frontend folder:

```bash
cd frontend
```

Use homebrew to install mkcert:

```bash
brew install mkcert
```

Then create your certificate for localhost:

```bash
mkcert -install
mkcert localhost
```

This will create a certificate file localhost.pem and a key file localhost-key.pem inside your client folder.

> Then in the package.json file in the package.json folder, replace this line on line 28

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then in the package.json file in the frontend folder, replace this line on line 28
```

```bash
  "start": "react-scripts start",
```

with this line instead:

```bash
"start": "HTTPS=true SSL_CRT_FILE=localhost.pem SSL_KEY_FILE=localhost-key.pem react-scripts start",
```

> After starting up the Quickstart, you can now view it at https://localhost:3000.

Reviewer: two things:
1. you will need to tell your browser to ignore the scary invalid cert by clicking on advanced -> continue
2. The frontend will still try to load the app on https once it's done launching

```

## Test credentials

In Sandbox, you can log in to any supported institution (except Capital One) using `user_good` as the username and `pass_good` as the password. If prompted to enter a 2-factor authentication code, enter `1234`.

In Development or Production, use real-life credentials.

## Testing OAuth

Some institutions (primarily in Europe, but a small number in the US) require an OAuth redirect
authentication flow, where the end user is redirected to the bank’s website or mobile app to
authenticate. To test this flow in sandbox, you should set `PLAID_REDIRECT_URI=http://localhost:3000/` in `.env`. You will also need to register this localhost redirect URI in the
[Plaid dashboard under Team Settings > API > Allowed redirect URIs][dashboard-api-section].

To test the OAuth flow in sandbox, choose 'Playtypus OAuth Bank' from the list of financial institutions in Plaid Link.

### Instructions for using https with localhost

> If you want to test OAuth in development, you need to use https and set `PLAID_REDIRECT_URI=https://localhost:3000/` in `.env`. In order to run your localhost on https, you will need to create a self-signed certificate and add it to the frontend root folder. You can use the following instructions to do this. However, please note that this is recommended for local development environments only and not for production environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to test OAuth in development, you need to use https and set `PLAID_REDIRECT_URI=https://localhost:3000/` in `.env`. In order to run your localhost on https, you will need to create a self-signed certificate and add it to the frontend root folder. You can use the following instructions to do this. Note that self-signed certificates should be used for testing purposes only, never for actual deployments.
```

In your terminal, change to the frontend folder:

```bash
cd frontend
```

Use homebrew to install mkcert:

```bash
brew install mkcert
```

Then create your certificate for localhost:

```bash
mkcert -install
mkcert localhost
```

This will create a certificate file localhost.pem and a key file localhost-key.pem inside your client folder.

Then in the package.json file in the frontend folder, replace this line on line 28

```bash
"start": "react-scripts start",
```

with this line instead:

```bash
"start": "HTTPS=true SSL_CRT_FILE=localhost.pem SSL_KEY_FILE=localhost-key.pem react-scripts start",
```

> After starting up the Quickstart, you can now view it at https://localhost:3000. Note that if you are on Windows, you
> may still get an invalid certification warning on your browser. If so, click on "advanced" and proceed. However, please note that this is recommended for local development environments only and not for production environments. Also on Windows, the frontend may still try to load http://localhost:3000 and you may have to enter https://localhost:3000 manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After starting up the Quickstart, you can now view it at https://localhost:3000. Note that if you are on Windows, you
may still get an invalid certificate warning on your browser. If so, click on "advanced" and proceed. However, please note that this is recommended for local development environments only and not for production environments. Also on Windows, the frontend may still try to load http://localhost:3000 and you may have to access https://localhost:3000 manually.
```
